---
  Overview
---

\<ABC\>'s generative artificial intelligence (AI) Policy is in place to ensure that our employees, customers, partners, contractors, and other associates and stakeholders are protected from harmful, unethical, and/or illegal actions, whether knowingly or unknowingly. This policy is intended to protect you as an employee, \<ABC\> as a business and our customers, partners and other key stakeholders. 

Inappropriate use of generative AI may expose us to risks including (but not limited to):

-   virus attacks;

-   compromise of our products, services and systems; and 

-   potential contractual, legal or regulatory concerns.

Proprietary and confidential information of \<ABC\> remains the sole property of \<ABC\>, regardless of whether the devices on which this information is stored are owned by \<ABC\>. Effective security is a team effort, and it is the responsibility of each of us to understand these guidelines and to conduct our activities accordingly.

\<ABC\> believes AI tools can be used to help our company and to help
our customers. As such, we will continue to work to make this
technology available to the \<ABC\> team but in a safe, secure and
compliant way. 

Our primary concerns include, but are not limited to:

-   creating IP and software where our ownership and IP rights cannot be
    successfully challenged at a later time;

-   AI-generated code that could contain malicious components;

-   allowing public AI systems to learn from \<ABC\>'s data or our
    customers' or other third parties' proprietary, non-public data; and

-   unauthorized or under-privileged users gaining access to privileged,
    sensitive, protected or other confidential data.

This policy outlines steps to prevent potential negative outcomes such
as these from being realized while still providing a practical way for
our team to embrace this new and powerful capability.

# Definitions

**Generative artificial intelligence:** a subset of AI techniques that
involves the use of algorithms to generate new, original data. Unlike
traditional AI, which is designed to solve specific tasks based on
pre-existing data, generative AI algorithms can produce new data that
has never before existed.

**Approved generative AI tool:** one with which \<ABC\> has a
contractual relationship in addition to a click-through license
agreement (or has such a license which Legal & Contracts and/ or outside
counsel  - with the input of the CISO and Data Privacy Officer - has
affirmatively categorized as approved) that makes specific guarantees
regarding the confidentiality of information provided to it.

**Unapproved generative AI tool:** one with which \<ABC\> has no legal
relationship and that has not gone through the procurement/approval
process\*. The only data that should be shared in an unapproved AI tool
is data that is publicly available.

**must:** Items marked with a must are a requirement.  Non-compliance requires approved documentation of non-compliance through ${NON_COMPLIANCE_POLICY}

**should:** Items marked with a should are a requirement.  Non-compliance requires written business justification that can be produced upon request.  This business justification is not required to be submitted through ${NON_COMPLIANCE_POLICY}

**may:** Items marked with a may are explicitly permitted, even if they appear to violate another requirement. 

# Scope

This policy applies to employees, contractors, consultants, temporary personnel, and other individuals working for or on behalf of \<ABC\>. This includes the personnel of third parties doing work on behalf of \<ABC\> or utilizing computing resources owned or managed by \<ABC\> or performing work using a \<ABC\> and/or customer and/or third-party email address. \<ABC\> has a Vendor Code of Conduct and corresponding Information Security and Privacy Policy that must be acknowledged by all third parties with access to \<ABC\> systems or data.

## 

Computing resources include all \<ABC\>-owned, licensed or managed hardware (including but not limited to laptops and video conferencing equipment) and software, data, information, information assets, \<ABC\> assigned user accounts, and use of \<ABC\>\'s network via a physical or wireless connection, regardless of the ownership of the computer or device connected to the network.

# Policy

**The Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) shall:**

-   Create a listing \<Link to list\> of approved generative AI tools
    with at least the following:

    -   Name of approved AI Tool

    -   List of data types allowed to be input into each approved AI
        Tool.

    -   List of hosting types for each approved AI tool. Example hosting
        types: public SaaS, private Saas, or local.

-   Update the listing, at a minimum, every 180 days.

**The Data Privacy Officer (DPO) shall** provide relevant updates
regarding legislation or regulations related to AI as such updates
become available

# 

All employees shall:

-   Only use \<ABC\>-licensed, -provided or -built generative AI tools in accordance with the Acceptable Use Policy (AUP). 

-   Only use \<ABC\>-licensed, -provided or -built generative AI tools in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Regulation (EU) 2016/679  in order to provide protections for individuals and their personal data, as well as requirements for businesses regarding the collection, processing, transfer, use, storage and maintenance of customer and employee data. 

-   Only use \<ABC\>-licensed, -provided or -built generative AI tools in accordance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI) (Act No. 57 of 2003 as amended in 2016) in order to provide protections for individuals and their personal data, as well as requirements for businesses regarding the collection, processing, transfer, use, storage and maintenance of customer and employee data. 

-   Only use \<ABC\>-licensed, -provided or -built generative AI tools in accordance with any other legislation or regulations in order to provide protections for individuals and their personal data, as well as requirements for businesses regarding the collection, processing, transfer, use, storage and maintenance of customer and employee data.  

-   Only use \<ABC\>-licensed, -provided or -built generative AI tools in accordance with any customer requirements in contracts entered into by \<ABC\>. 

-   Must use official organization identity information for access to any LLM system. 

-   Unapproved generative AI tool: Only ever input public information, which is any information, regardless of format, that has been disclosed, disseminated or made available to the general public. 

-   Approved generative AI tool: 

    -   Only input data that the AI tool in question is certified to
        handle. For example, if an approved generative AI tool is
        certified to handle \<ABC\> employee name and email address but
        not customer data, you may input the former but not the latter.

    -   Only provide access to data input into an approved AI tool with
        least privilege and role-based access in mind. For example, if
        we train an approved AI tool on all \<ABC\> confidential data
        within \<ABC Wiki\>, we must make sure that the access control
        model from \<ABC Wiki\>  is followed when using the trained AI
        as a resource..

# 

**A generative AI tool is considered unapproved unless the CISO has designated otherwise.**

Example (Enter information about your approval workflow) - If you wish to receive approval of an AI tool, license, etc., you must use \<XYZ workflow\>. If there are any questions about the workflow process, please reach out to \<XYZ team\>.

# Risk Acceptance

Example (provide your own risk acceptance workflow) - Only the Policy Owner, CEO, CISO or CTO of \<ABC\> may grant written exceptions to this policy.

# Exceptions

-   No listed exceptions

# Compliance with Policy

Compliance with this policy will be measured through (i.e. various
methods, including (but not limited to) \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Any
violation of this Policy, whether on the part of an employee or their
manager, and whether detrimental to other employees and/or the company
(through impact to reputation, security, IP, privacy or financial risk,
etc.) may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination
of employment.  In the event that regulatory actions may be initiated
outside of our control, Company will cooperate fully as legally
required. Depending on the circumstances, company may seek additional
legal remedies. Local, state, international or other laws may take
precedence over any conditions of this policy, as applicable. Any
disputes regarding this Policy or application of this Policy may be
raised with HR, Compliance or a member of the executive team. Employees
and contractors are required to report any breach of this policy to
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Company strictly prohibits retaliation
against any employee who reports suspected violations in good faith.
Please reach out to the policy owner if you have any questions.

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Revision History                                
  ----------------------- ----------------------- -----------------------
  DATE OF ISSUE/ VERSION  PREVIOUS VERSION NO./   KEY MODIFICATIONS
  NO.                     DATE                    
  June 1, 2023/ V.1       n/a                     Original Policy
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

# References:

Github Repository -
<https://github.com/Contrast-Security-OSS/GenerativeAIPolicy/>

License -
<https://github.com/Contrast-Security-OSS/GenerativeAIPolicy/blob/main/LICENSE.md>
